Deprecate more methods that depend on Http.Context (#8724)
playframework/playframework: documentation/manual/releases/release27/migration27/JavaHttpContextMigration27.md

    }
}
```

> ### Methods that send a resource, a `File` or a `Path` are deprecated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Methods that send a resource, a `File` or a `Path` now require`FileMimeTypes`
```

> Various methods in [`play.mvc.Results`](api/java/play/mvc/Results.html), [`play.mvc.StatusHeader`](api/java/play/mvc/StatusHeader.html) and [`play.mvc.RangeResults`](api/java/play/mvc/RangeResults.html) that send a [`File`](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/io/File.html) or a [`Path`](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/nio/file/Path.html) have been deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Various methods in [`play.mvc.Results`](api/java/play/mvc/Results.html), [`play.mvc.StatusHeader`](api/java/play/mvc/StatusHeader.html) and [`play.mvc.RangeResults`](api/java/play/mvc/RangeResults.html) that send a [`File`](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/io/File.html) or a [`Path`](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/nio/file/Path.html) without passing a mime type have been deprecated.
```
